It is a slope situation
Tokyo Grand Prize 2 I told the steady maintenance district
Please look at the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department
I want to do both
In the South Kanto report for the 12th race
It is supported by the most popular for the top of the moon we were going
Mita short distance heavy prize consecutive victory announcement was one after another
ppp light carefully
It is continuing with the eve rating Sanyo Electric
We received the final stage of 94 kg class 6 people
Was
Started
Election League match to Daiichi Grand Champion
3rd place start
At first we spread well and what will come out
From the breaking news shill shout high growth general running general
If you use this it is sap or high speed
Cherry blossom high speed of the sink will take the lead
We will stand in front of the last station of the business talk, but once
The monkey drum that can be spoken by the Prime Minister is now on sale from the 30th day
It is Nase that I passed through It is men at the beginning
There are 3 types of cherry blossoms high speed which has been followed and continued
It is almost lined up and gas is from then on, marking the top Yu Yamada
There are three running generals, and a large reputation regular course is in the card
It is united kilo unit price di to determine Sugioka Hanajima quay from then
Out of 138 of the month to be on the market in 11 unbeaten months
And then there was a Matoba monochrome cage body
Lined up but integrated into the Queen's Prize das at the time of the Under Secretary-General
Then there is the price that opened the village of 3par Shin Shin
From then on the stage I saw the Prince was Mitaka City
If you are the person who was quick to eat meat, why was Kenichi Honda
According to RIKEN's protective equipment rookie year
The Communist Party feels beautiful but the lighting has changed
No store manager was the 4th man 61 was home to high school students at home
Take the lead from the third quarter and go around
Cherry blossoms high speed Sato Takashi that we have opened once
There is sightseeing and the third place is the third place in the third trip out of the third hand mountain carpenter Takahashi Saburo
Then what will you do if you hit a police box a few days later?
It is the best river writing that has come Sunlight is in the middle
It was a good space I took out if I won in the last corner
It is the first of the built moon It is pushed up from the third which is the most unusual
It happened
I wonder if I left PC Mac for one semester of the month
10% of the general public disclosure of anti-scattering high day is likely to be
high speed
Fish selected from crude high speed is big at a stretch
I was not teaching
It has become a reef preservation of the city of taste
No. 10 High speed Sato Takano 47% in the face
After taking a good shot of the fourth shot, it swells and is only 28 db 3 times
1 hit 1 score
1 The two who succeeded in February 2008 were the first to open at 72
From the front of the 4 corners
During the fall king who won 1 day with high speed force against pk and won 3 years
arrived
It is a boy who runs Sanchez
In addition, the old castle trading race is canceled in the market 7 times of the moon
The order of arrival of the 4 or less is as you see